Revise project affiliation (#1746)
HSF/hsf.github.io: projects/badges.md

---
title: "HSF Affiliated Project Badge"
author: Graeme Stewart
layout: plain
---

> HSF affiliate projects are invited to use the following badge on their repository README files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HSF affiliated projects or software packages are invited to use the following badge on their repository README files.
```

> These request is quite big (6109 chars), but `shields.io` doesn't seem to mind. However, issues have been found embedding the direct output from shields into a GitHub `README`, in which case used the direct cached link instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The display request is quite big (6109 chars), but `shields.io` doesn't seem to mind. However, issues have been found embedding the direct output from shields into a GitHub `README`, in which case used the direct cached link instead.
```
